How does the approach to maximization and minimization problems in chapters 13 and 14 compare to what you learned in Module 3 (Chapters 3 and 4 of the text)? Can you think of any problems that could be solved using both methods?

In my mind, the approach for maximization and minimization problems using calculus is different than what we learned in Chapter 3 primarily due to the utility of being able to apply calculus to a much broader range of functions than just linear functions. The calculus principals apply to higher order polynomials, rational functions, logarithmic, exponential, trigonometric, and many other brands of functions. On the other hand, the Gauss-Jordan and Simplex methods could only handle systems of linear equations. 

For me personally, the calculus approach is also far more intuitive. The simplex method and matrix manipulation came off more as a black-box approach for solving problems. The reason and strategy seemed hand-wavy. With calculus, I feel the opposite. The calculus tools provide a clear understanding of how functions behave and why. 

The calculus methods we have learned do have significant limitations where the linear algebra methods do have strengths. The one glaringly obvious weakness of the calculus methods we just learned is that we are dealing with functions that have only one independent variable for a dependent variable. The simplex method could handle objective functions with several independent variables per dependent variable. 

I suppose you could theoretically solve some simple linear constraint problems with calculus methods, but this would sort of defeat the point. This is because with these bounded linear problems the max or min would occur at at your interval endpoints which is equivalent to the corner points we would test in Chapter 3 or 4. 

I don't think the utility would overlap much more even when considering multi-variate calculus either. The value of calculus is that with higher order functions, there is the possibility for relative or absolute extrema within the bounds/constraints. Where as with linear programming methods, the extrema must occur at the boundaries due to the nature of the relationships between the dependent and independent variables. 

I guess that is my conclusion. You could try to force a round peg into a square hole to solve some trivial linear programming problems with calculus. But really these two methods for solving optimization problems have opposing strengths and weaknesses. 