As an engineer for 3M Aerospace Adhesives, I thought about this discussion post considering the stakeholders for this industry and generally for Operations 4.0. My initial reaction to this post is that shareholders are the ones best positioned to benefit from companies adopting disruptive technologies into their operations strategy. Digital solutions have the marketing lure of being cost effective yet efficient alternatives to corporate problems. As such, companies that successfully adopt these technologies will position themselves to significantly reduce their COGS and free up resources which can tremendously improve bottom lines. 

One example of how to reduce COGS by embracing disruptive technologies would be moving to cloud computing services to manage corporate data instead of having physical server farms onsite and which require operating expenses and paying for salaried IT resources to manage these efforts. Also, considering what Tony Saldanha mentioned in his book "Why Digital Transformations Fail", corporations that can embrace Industrial Revolution 4.0 can significantly improve their global business services allowing for more effective corporate services with fewer resources. 

Further considering industries such as Aerospace, Automotive, and Healthcare, solutions to these industries require products to be spec'd in and have high management of change costs and most prices are negotiated years in advance. Thus with little perceived impact on sales, the expense reductions that can be obtained from disruptive technologies can offer significant gains to a companies operating income. 

Upon further consideration I also believe consumers, both industrial consumers and end users, will significantly benefit from their supplier's embracing digital transformation solutions. The reason I believe this is that company's that become digital will be able to bring a variety of new product offerings to market quicker, have more efficient supply chains promising better service metrics, and have safer industry solutions by offering products that leverage concepts like IoT. This will translate into tangible things like safer vehicles and roadways, improved and specialized product offerings, and an elimination of manufacturing facilities going line down. 

