
Script:
“After deliberating, we have promoted 4 use cases that we believe will lead to significant operational efficiency and cost reduction improvements at PUPS.”

“The 4 use cases we suggest implementing are Demand Forecasting, Price Optimization, Blockchain and IOT applications for package tracking, and Augmented Reality Training.”

“The Demand Forecasting and Price Optimization use cases will support the core business operations at PUPS”

“The Demand Forecasting use case yielded the second highest overall score and had significant advantages when considering the impacts on cost reduction, aligning with PUPS strategic mission, ease of compliance and data governance, and the ability to access and model the data necessary for this solution.”

“This use case will automate current demand forecasting which will significantly impact the workflows for current demand planners and supply chain analysts.”

“Successful implementation of this use case will result in automated demand reports and dashboards via improved modeling and machine learning techniques as opposed to the current approach of applying confidence intervals to last year’s demand numbers.”

“Success will be measured by the percentage of demand forecasts that are generated via these improved systems, and the accuracy of these reports measured by inventory levels, OTIF metrics, and resource utilization.”

“Price Optimization was a solution that had solid scoring impacts on business OI combined with ease of measurement, modeling, and implementation. This solution will impact marketers and customers at PUPS.”

“Successful implementation will result in automated pricing for all package requests taking many variables into consideration such as weight, size, distance traveled, seasonal requirements, geography, etc. This will be measured by pricing variances after the solution is implemented and shifts in the operating profit margin”

“Both of these solutions that support the core business have well understood and documented enterprise architecture layouts and technology requirements that can be supported by cloud service providers boosting our desire to swiftly implement them at PUPS.”

“We believe the Blockchain and IOT applications for package tracking and Augmented Reality Training will be disruptive technologies that can lead to 10X improvements at PUPS.”

“Augmented Reality Training was strong when considering data availability, data compliance, modeling, and measuring.”

“Success for this solution will ensure all employees at PUPS are on a probationary period when first starting a new role. This probationary time will pair an employee with an AR trainer able to guide employees in real-time on standard work to accelerate competence and confidence on the job. Success will be measured by self and peer appraisals as well as audit findings and maintaining ISO registrations.”

“Employee rejection of this training aide or an AR headset that threatens the employee’s safety are showstoppers for this use case.”

“Lastly, our highest scoring use case was the Blockchain and IOT package tracking solution.”

“This solution had a strong alignment with the PUPS executive strategic mission with significant benefits to the revenue and a high ease of measurement score.”

“This solution will impact every PUPS employee as it will permeate the entire organization with success measured by the number of packages successfully delivered, accuracy of package locations, and overall customer satisfaction.”

“To implement this solution, there needs to be complete organizational buy-in which starts with the members in this room. However, this solution will have to be aborted if computational expenses become too high for authenticating the blockchain ledgers.”
