Ivana Seric

I did some research on a Data Scientist by the name of Ivana Seric. Ivana is a Data Scientist for the Philadelphia 76ers organization. She applies data analysis to the sport of basketball in order to advise the 76ers coaching staff on game strategy. 

However, as you can imagine, Ivana's path to become a Data Scientist for the 76ers was not clearly defined. Originally from Croatia, Ivana came stateside with a mind for math and a passion for hoops. She believed she needed to make a decision between academia and athletics and chose academia. She obtained her PhD in Mathematical Sciences from NJIT and studied the breakup of liquid metal filaments. 

Little did Ivana know, her years spent refining her craft in mathematics armed herself with an invaluable arsenal of skills for the modern NBA. When she heard that NBA teams were starting to pursue data scientists she was able to reach out to the 76ers organization and combine her math skill-set with her passion for basketball to become a Data Scientist for the 76ers. 

Ivana's career path relates to mine in a couple of ways. First, like Ivana, I felt like I had to choose between a "good degree" and personal interests. I graduated undergrad with a degree in Chemical Engineering, but never did I feel that was my passion. Rather, I felt Chemical Engineering was a smart and secure degree pursuit. This lead to suppressing personal desires such as athletics or coaching.

Tangentially, I hope my journey into Data Science will mirror Ivana's by providing me the skills that will be assets to my passion pursuits. Ivana is living her dream as a member of a premier NBA franchise. I hope a strong foundation in Data Science will allow me to break into the front office of a major sports franchise, provide insight to endurance athletics to finally break the 2:00 hr marathon limit, or deploy improved highway layouts to optimize the flow of traffic.

Work Cited:

Hayes, M. (2019). Data scientist Ivana Seric is making the Sixers better with her mad brains and her mad skills. [online] https://www.inquirer.com. Available at: https://www.inquirer.com/sixers/ivana-seric-sixers-76ers-basketball-staff-women-leaders-20190417.html [Accessed 24 Sep. 2019].

Ito, A. and Connors, T. (2019). The NBA Data Scientist. [online] YouTube. Available at: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MpLHMKTolVw [Accessed 24 Sep. 2019]. 